Update migration guide - Closes #1112 (#1116)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/migration.adoc

For more information how self-voting affects the vote weight, see xref:{url_sdk_protocol_voteweight}[Delegates, voting and delegate weight (Lisk Protocol)].

==== Voting with Lisk Desktop

Use Lisk Desktop to cast the self-vote conveniently from a user interface.

Just login with your passphrase, after updating Lisk Desktop to the latest 2.0.0 version.

> See two example videos below, how to vote with Lisk Desktop 2.0.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the two example videos below, which show how to vote with Lisk Desktop v2.0.0:
```

video::CKwf2u-QfuU[youtube]

video::KAPor0lMz5U[youtube]

==== Voting via Lisk Core CLI

> Use the Lisk Core CLI to cast the self-vote with the desired amount of tokens from thr command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Lisk Core CLI to cast the self-vote with the desired amount of tokens from the command line.
```
